Describe bit fields instead of tables for Datagram and Subgroup Header (#1400)
moq-wg/moq-transport: draft-ietf-moq-transport.md

~~~
{: #object-datagram-format title="MOQT OBJECT_DATAGRAM"}

The Type field in the OBJECT_DATAGRAM takes the form 0b00X0XXXX (or the set of

> values from 0x00 to 0x0F, 0x20 to 0x2F). The three low-order bits and bit 5

Reviewer: No, only Objects have extensions.  The Objects can be empty, but there's no reason to attach properties to a thing that doesn't exist.

* The **END_OF_GROUP** bit (0x02) indicates End of Group. When set to 1, this
  indicates that no Object with the same Group ID and an Object ID greater than the
  Object ID in this datagram exists.

* The **NO_OBJECT_ID** bit (0x04) in the Type is set to indicate that the Object ID
  field is absent and the Object ID is 0. When set to 1, the Object ID field is
  omitted. When set to 0, the Object ID field is present.

* The **NO_PRIORITY** bit (0x08) in the Type is set to indicate that the Priority
  field is absent. When set to 1, the Priority field is omitted and this Object
  inherits the Publisher Priority specified in the control message that established
  the subscription. When set to 0, the Priority field is present.

* The **STATUS** bit (0x20) determines whether the datagram contains an Object Status
  or Object Payload. When set to 1, the Object Status field is present and there is
  no Object Payload. When set to 0, the Object Payload is present and the Object
  Status field is omitted. There is no explicit length field for the Object Payload;
  the entirety of the transport datagram following the Object header fields contains

>   the payload.

Author: The current bits evolved in a way intended to be somewhat backwards compatible with earlier version.  I think we can normalize all the bits when we get to the final product such that 1 means "included" wherever possible.  Also the "is subgroup" bit probably shouldn't be bit 4.

~~~
{: #object-datagram-format title="MOQT OBJECT_DATAGRAM"}

The Type field in the OBJECT_DATAGRAM takes the form 0b00X0XXXX (or the set of

> values from 0x00 to 0x0F, 0x20 to 0x2F). The three low-order bits and bit 5

Reviewer: Isn't it the four low order bits, not three?

```suggestion
values from 0x00 to 0x0F, 0x20 to 0x2F). The four low-order bits and bit 5
```

~~~
{: #object-datagram-format title="MOQT OBJECT_DATAGRAM"}

The Type field in the OBJECT_DATAGRAM takes the form 0b00X0XXXX (or the set of
values from 0x00 to 0x0F, 0x20 to 0x2F). However, not all Type values in this range
are valid. The four low-order bits and bit 5 of the Type field determine which fields
are present in the datagram:

* The **EXTENSIONS** bit (0x01) in the Type is set to indicate that there is an
  Extensions field present. When set to 1, the Extensions structure defined in
  {{object-extensions}} is present. When set to 0, the Extensions field is absent.
  If an endpoint receives a datagram with the EXTENSIONS bit set and an Extension
  Headers Length of 0, it MUST close the session with a `PROTOCOL_VIOLATION`.

* The **END_OF_GROUP** bit (0x02) indicates End of Group. When set to 1, this
  indicates that no Object with the same Group ID and an Object ID greater than the
  Object ID in this datagram exists.

> * The **NO_OBJECT_ID** bit (0x04) in the Type is set to indicate that the Object ID

Author: ```suggestion
* The **ZERO_OBJECT_ID** bit (0x04) in the Type is set to 1 to indicate that the Object ID
```
